it's over they're all gone
thank it's time it's time you say what
happened
[Music]
Frank want you to meet my cousin Russell
Bufalino better watch this is a lot of
tough guys around here did he tell you
I'm not afraid of crazy real I think so
I was one of a thousand working stiffs I
thought I wasn't no more you got a good
friend here you don't know how good a
friend you got Russell he took a shine
to me right away after a while he
started giving me little things to do
[Music]
I know you read a lot of things about me
I just want to say I'm sorry I know it
wasn't that good dad I know that I know
I was just trying to protect all this
from what you didn't see what I see what
I've been through a friend of ours is
having a little trouble friend at the
top are your friend this is Jimmy Hoffa
nice to meet you you want to be a part
of this fight a part of this history
whatever you need me to do I'm available
only three people in the world have one
of these and only one of them is Irish
you know strong I made you I know things
they don't know why no he said that you
sure he said that I'm worried
nobody threatens offer I got records I
got tapes they're done
I had to put you into steps or later
everybody put here as a date when he's
gonna go
I know how you feel frightened trust me
I know I will bring you back after get
you cut
yeah
you